okay this is Austin and I'm going to
show you how much how I built my box so
this is the box it's 16 feet long and
like 11 so the piece of wood on top is
11 inches wide and underneath you can
see that there's metal brackets pretty
thick about may 4 or 5 inches long
going from the piece on top to the this
piece and then for extra support I added
two by fours which I cut so they're 11
inches long so they went from this from
this side to this side and I put those
on the top and bottom about every foot
across all the way down and these metal
brackets oh I have like about 16 of them
in there okay it's also important to
make sure that the piece right here
isn't touching this piece at all now if
it's on top isn't touching this piece at
all it's just kind of floating or
sitting on these wooden things let's go
from here to here and then connect it in
front with the brackets so that's
important because there's got to be room
for the PVC to sit otherwise it'll just
be on top and that's stupid that's how
most people do it but you got to have
like a 90 degree angle like 90 degree
angle right here to fit your PVC on I
don't remember what size PVC I use and I
really don't feel like measuring but
just do what you think is right so I
just do it you think is right like
measure it or hide it I set it up in the
store and just looked at it and this
looked about right to me but you can use
whatever size you want
to make that 2x4 sports from this beach
to this piece to many pieces I use nails
two-by-fours
I would show 11 inches in between I use
screws for the brackets to go into the
wood on top and on the sides the entire
box is 16 feet long which is it's really
not as long as you think it is once you
build it it seems long at first but then
once you actually skate it's not that
big so you should probably make it
longer if you want to do a lot of sweat
chops on it or something and it is
actually very heavy unless you have two
people willing to pick it up every time
and it really is a struggle to move it
unless you're going to get treated wood
so you can leave it outside in the rain
because it will warp and it started to
work because I used to leave it out in
the rain like right here
it's been warping a little and it sticks
up you can see but yeah it's really
heavy so what I use to put it away every
time this which is basically just two
two by fours like three feet long and on
two things going sideways and then
underneath I got a to swivel wheels on
each side 11 inches apart so they go
right underneath the two pieces main
pieces of the thing one more thing if
you've never put the PVC onto a
you've never made a rail or a box or
anything I have a four it really it was
the PDC on all you do please hold here
hold here so you take the screw which
you're going to use and use a drill bit
just a little bit bigger than the head
of the screws so that it fits in there
and then on the inside which screws
right there you drill a hole with a
different drill bit just a little bit
smaller than the screw head but so the
shaft or whatever part sticks down in
there and gets into the wood and then
that'll keep them in place and use it
about every foot four and a half
whatever you think is necessary to keep
it on like this doesn't move at all
really yeah that's it
you